good morning today we will talk about the angels of transparency and the archangels
Angels of transparency are a group of child angels who seemed to me
during a channeling many years ago during my class of old these
angels are led by the archangel michele of an archangel metato
the archangel metatron archangel that deals with the priorities of our life
usually appears with a purple light bloom for a very very strong angel and
may de force nothing powerful
elice help. wind farm vibrate and open your third eye ciata
which is located here in the center of the photo
the archangel Michael instead you all know and those who lead the ranks
of angels on earth so much so that when virgin of the channeling
when the angels of transparency appeared
ceramics in front
this group of angels children behind and the archangel metatron
still behind the group of angels who led them the book forced us to say
driving
ascend
let's go
the archangel Michael, as you all know, always appears with a sword
the sword that precisely cancels the sins of the
and later when I guide you in the archangelic administration
you will find that important
the presence of the archangel michele today on the greenhouse
as I said before, the angels of transparency are child angels
and it is no coincidence that I am here on earth today for us because
the earth is changing is evolving
and how the earth evolves and changes
we too
it is our inferior being
change evolves
they are other domains because I am here to help each of us
algorinet the inner child we have inside me
the inner child
and that little one
who is born with us
evolves with us
and heals colors
very often
we forget it completely
and it is therefore important today on earth to consider this a little more
inner child
try to understand it by trying to embrace it by looking for curtains of one
but no
and try to make us forgive him for having left him in our body for
never having pulled back to watch him watch it
our life is not to miss out on frizziness
the inner child is at the center of our heart and is succeeding in
hear universal laws
through the opening of the heart
and therefore of unconditional love
let's say little by little corners of the inner child
than in each of us
through universal love through unconditional love
you can donate all the people we don't know
we say so to find
facebook sterilization the mill